README.md, before:

docker-infra
============

A set of infrastructure images built with Docker.

###### Special Note
> Unless otherwise specified each image is based on Alpine Linux. Especially for JVM images this could have unintended consequences and everything may break. YMMV

[zookeeper](zookeeper/)
-----------------------
A zookeeper image meant to run in a Kubernetes StatefulSet.

Heavily inspired from: [Kubernetes ZooKeeper K8SZK](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/zookeeper)


[kafka](kafka/)
---------------
A kafka image meant to run in a Kubernetes StatefulSet.

Heavily inspired from: [Kubernetes Kafka K8SKafka](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/kafka)


[kafka-health-check](kafka-health-check/)
-----------------------------------------
A Go application that presents a REST interface to query Kafka broker health. ([github](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/zookeeper))


[kafka-rest](kafka-rest/)
-----------------------------------------
An application that presents a REST interface to produce data to a Kafka broker
or consume data from it. ([github](https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-rest))

[keycloak](keycloak/)
-----------------------------------------
Open Source Identity and Access Management For Modern Applications and Services. ([github](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak))

Commit message:

Use alpine-glibc as I've seen a few issues with go and alpine when only musl is available

README.md, after:

docker-infra
============

A set of infrastructure images built with Docker.

###### Special Note
> Unless otherwise specified each image is based on Alpine Linux. Especially for JVM images this could have unintended consequences and everything may break. YMMV

[zookeeper](zookeeper/)
-----------------------
A zookeeper image meant to run in a Kubernetes StatefulSet.

Heavily inspired from: [Kubernetes ZooKeeper K8SZK](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/zookeeper)


[kafka](kafka/)
---------------
A kafka image meant to run in a Kubernetes StatefulSet.

Heavily inspired from: [Kubernetes Kafka K8SKafka](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/kafka)


[kafka-health-check](kafka-health-check/)
-----------------------------------------
A Go application that presents a REST interface to query Kafka broker health. ([github](https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/tree/master/statefulsets/zookeeper))


[kafka-rest](kafka-rest/)
-------------------------
An application that presents a REST interface to produce data to a Kafka broker
or consume data from it. ([github](https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-rest))


[keycloak](keycloak/)
---------------------
Open Source Identity and Access Management For Modern Applications and Services. ([github](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak))


[kubectl](kubectl/)
-------------------
A small, Alpine Linux image with bash and kubectl
